Fix, simplify, and document doc meta finalize mode (#159473)
rust-lang/rust: src/doc/rustdoc/src/unstable-features.md

performs O(crates) work on every crate, meaning it performs O(crates<sup>2</sup>) work. When
`--write-doc-meta-dir` and/or `--read-doc-meta-dir` are supplied, this is turned off.

> When `--write-doc-meta-dir` is supplied, rustdoc will write the crate's shared metadata to

Reviewer: Probably not the right question for this PR, and I haven't read the implementation here, though I am curious:

* How does this interact with `--out-dir`. I guess `--out-dir` is ignored here?
* How does this interact with all those `--emit` files (w/ or w/o `--out-dir`? Where will those files be emitted?

*[View changes since the review](https://triagebot.infra.rust-lang.org/gh-changes-since/rust-lang/rust/159473/d3ea0356830dc019038110eba0bc8f790aaef2e4..f73cd1ea801ef6443b1cf446cd957fc9b5ea0d2b)*

Reviewer: Context: I'd like to pass `--emit=dep-info` without specifying the full (absolute) path for those dep-info files. Because of this issue <https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/159743> we cannot specify full path, and currently blocks <https://github.com/rust-lang/cargo/pull/17020>.

(That said, it is a very Cargo specific issue I feel like)

Author: The `--out-dir` is still used as the path for `--emit` files. `--write-doc-meta-dir` doesn't pay attention to `--out-dir`.

Reviewer: I see. So eventually if individual rustdoc doesn't need to emit html contents, cargo then can use `--emit` to control dep-info emission location exclusively. Thanks!

that directory. This is an *intermediate mode* where it may write some files to the doc output
directory, but some features won't work until it is finalized.

> When `--read-doc-meta-dir` is supplied, it runs it in *finalize mode*. No crate source code is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When `--read-doc-meta-dir` is supplied, rustdoc runs in *finalize mode*. No crate source code is
```

*[View changes since the review](https://triagebot.infra.rust-lang.org/gh-changes-since/rust-lang/rust/159473/421875f8d2bbb9a9a47db179092a3266b87106d4..3e42349c3d45d72d69fcb1579a8d88db21944eef)*

passed to rustdoc when it runs in this mode. Multiple `--read-doc-meta-dir` can be passed to
rustdoc, so your build system can split the state between multiple directories if that helps.

> Both `--write-doc-meta-dir` and `--read-doc-meta-dir` can't be supplied at once.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`--write-doc-meta-dir` and `--read-doc-meta-dir` cannot both be passed to the same rustdoc invocation.
```

*[View changes since the review](https://triagebot.infra.rust-lang.org/gh-changes-since/rust-lang/rust/159473/421875f8d2bbb9a9a47db179092a3266b87106d4..3e42349c3d45d72d69fcb1579a8d88db21944eef)*
